Add an introduction to revision docs (#3766)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/create-api/create-api-revisions.md

# API Revisions

> In previous versions of WSO2 API Manager, API publishing and deployment in gateways were tightly coupled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of WSO2 API Manager, API publishing and deployment in Gateways were tightly coupled. 
```
Let's use "Gateway" and "Developer Portal" everywhere for consistency. In general let's use title case for all component names.

Author: Fixed with 69e70d09ae83fd2d50bcce077e7483e6a0e368e3

With the introduction of API and API Product Revisions, previously coupled publishing and deployment operations have been **decoupled**.
The API publisher has more control over the API deployments and has the ability to introduce recoverable changes to the API project. 
API revisions are similar to a checkpoint in time capturing the current state of the API when the revision is created. If the changes
has an adverse effect to the API once it is deployed in an Gateway environment, user can quickly recover to the previous state of the API.
In addition to that, even if the user wants to test out a new run time configuration, this concept provides the ability to test it in
an independent Gateway before applying the same change to all the gateways.  

## Architectural changes and key features

The revision feature brings few architectural changes to the previous versions of WSO2 API Manager.

1. Changing the life cycle state to publish will only display the API in Developer Portal and will not handle the deployment anymore.
2. Deploying an API in a Gateway requires an additional step. Publisher has to create a revision and deploy that revision in the required Gateway environments.

> 3. A single API or API Product can have multiple revisions (A maximum of 5 and once the max limit is reached, user has to delete a revision before creating a new one). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A single API or API Product can have multiple revisions (a maximum of 5 and once the max limit is reached, user has to delete a revision before creating a new one). 
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c7778a92ca28d654914dab14660441520b669

> 4. If there are multiple gateways, user has the option to deploy the same revision across all the gateways or different revisions of the API in each. (Each Gateway will handle the API requests differently based on the deployed revision)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If there are multiple Gateways, the user has the option to deploy the same revision across all the Gateways or different revisions of the API in each Gateway (each Gateway will handle the API requests differently based on the deployed revision).
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c777

> 5. Can create and deploy the API in a Gateway without changing the lifecycle state to Published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create and deploy the API in a Gateway without changing the lifecycle state to Published.
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c777

6. The revisions cannot be edited.

> 7. To discard the latest changes, user has the ability to **restore** the API to a specific revision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To discard the latest changes, you have the ability to **restore** the API to a specific revision.
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c777

## Restore a revision

When you are updating the API from the publisher console, you are updating the working copy of the API. A change in a mediation policy, 
a change in security configurations, a change to a documentation or simply changing the description of the API will deviate 
the working copy of the API from the latest revision. If the API is in published state, working copy of the API is 
displayed at the Developer Portal. If you need to revert these changes and restore a specific revision, click on the **Restore** 
button in the revision list as shown below. This will restore the revision in to the working copy overriding the changes done in the working copy.

> Since restore will only update the working copy in the the Publisher and Developer Portal, it doesn't have any effect on the deployed revisions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since restore will only update the working copy in the the Publisher and Developer Portal, it does not have any effect on the deployed revisions. 
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c777

[![Restore a revision]({{base_path}}/assets/img/design/revision/restore-revision.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/design/revision/restore-revision.png)

!!!note

>         If you haven't made a revision of the latest changes before restoring a previous revision, changes in the working copy will be lost. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you have not made a revision of the latest changes before restoring a previous revision, changes in the working copy will be lost. 
```

Author: Fixed with 9e3c777
